Implements PyQuery (#8)
y-scope/clp-ffi-py: README.md

python -m unittest -bv
```

> Note: the testing procedure showing above only works when installing the package using
> `pip install -e .`. If the package is installed from a whl file into the site package, the tester cannot be launched from
> the project's root directory because the `clp_ffi_py` module import conflicts with the directory
> `clp_ffi_py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If the package is installed from a `whl` file into the site packages,
rather than installed locally (`pip install -e .`),
the tester cannot be launched from the project's root directory.
If `unittest` is ran from the root directory,
the local `clp_ffi_py` directory will shadow the `clp_ffi_py` module installed.
```
